chore: Create migration and DAL entities for scale units (#8216)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-04-02-create-migration-and-dal-for-scale-unit.md

---

> title: Create migration and DAL for scale unit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Create migration and DAL for measurement system
```

> issue: NEXT-40951

Reviewer 2: I would use the issue ID (Number) instead.

---
# Core

> * Added migration for scale unit

Reviewer: Added migrations for measurement system tables
